docs/_articles/en/v3.x/salesforce-graph-engine/working-with-sfge.md, before:

---
title: 'Working with SFGE'
lang: en
---


## Background

Any data-flow-based rule contains three parts.

*Source*. an entry point for external interaction

*Sink*. code that modifies data

*Sanitizer*. the check that happens between Source and Sink to ensure that the user who is performing this action on data has the necessary access to the object/fields.

A code path must have a sanitizer in between the source and the sink. When the sanitizer is missing, you see a violation. To avoid this, you want to ensure that each path created from any source to sink is sanitized.

A source could lead to multiple sinks. Also, a sink can be reached through multiple sources. In fact, we could have multiple paths between the same source and sink. We want to ensure that each path created from any source to any sink is sanitized.

## Invoke SFGE through Code Analyzer
You can invoke data-flow-based rules through Code Analyzer using the newly added `scanner:run:dfa` [command](./en/v3.x/scanner-commands/dfa/).

## Interpret Your Results

The individual rows in the results represents violations. Each violation contains Sink information, Source information, and the actual violation message. Here’s the breakdown by column name to explain the data it represents:

1. Severity. The severity of the violation. By default, all security violations are marked as severity 1.
2. Sink File, Sink Line, Sink Column. The location where in your source code that the data interaction happens
3. Source File,Source Line, Source Column. The location where the path begins
4. SourceType, SourceMethod. Additional information to help identify the path entry
5. Rule. The rule that was run which led to the violation.
6. Description. The violation message. For more info on SFGE violation messages, read our [FAQ](./en/v3.x/faq/#questions-about-interpreting-apexflsviolationrule-results).

## Add Engine Directives

Like all Security tools, SFGE could create both false negatives or false positives. 

For example, the engine could fail to create a violation where the code is insecure, a false negative. Or create a violation even though the code is secure, a false positive. 

If you determine that SFGE has created a false positive, add engine directives to your code so that SFGE doesn’t throw that violation anymore.

Salesforce Graph Engine understands three levels of engine directives:

### Disable next line

`/* sfge-disable-next-line <rule_name> */`

Use this when you want to disable just the sink from Salesforce Graph Engine’s analysis.
Example usage:

```
/* sfge-disable-next-line ApexFlsViolationRule */
insert a;
```

### Disable method

`/* sfge-disable-stack <rule_name> */`

Use this when you want to disable all the sink operations in paths passing through this method.
As with the other engine directives, make sure you add it in the line immediately before the method declaration.
Example usage:

```
@AuraEnabled
/* sfge-disable-stack ApexFlsViolationRule */
public static boolean someMethodName() {
```

### Disable class

`/* sfge-disable <rule_name> */`

Use this when you want to disable all the sink operations that occur in the class. As with the other two engine directives, make sure you add it in the line immediately before class declaration.
Example usage:

```
/* sfge-disable ApexFlsViolationRule */
public class MyClass {
```

## "OutOfMemory: Java heap space" Error

The number of paths SFGE needs to create increases exponentially with every conditional or method invocation in your code. As the number of paths explode, SFGE's probability of encountering an OutOfMemory error increases. In addition, a variety of factors such as your OS type, java setup, and other processes running in your machine can influence the heap space assigned by JVM, which then impacts SFGE's execution.

Even if SFGE's execution was interrupted, it returns results from the portion of source code it has analyzed so far.

While we are working on optimizing SFGE's heap consumption, here are some tips to avoid an OutOfMemory error:
1. Increase max heap size assigned to SFGE's execution. You can do this by providing an updated `-Xmx` value to either the `sfgejvmargs` parameter with `scanner:run:dfa` command, or to the environment variable, `SFGE_JVM_ARGS`.

	Before you do this, make note of your JVM's default Max Heap size, that is, the `-Xmx` value.

	Execute SFGE with a larger heap space than the default settings. For example, to allocate 2g heap space, you can execute:
	```bash
	sfdx scanner:run:dfa --sfgejvmargs "-Xmx2g" <rest of your parameters>
	```
	or
	```bash
	export SFGE_JVM_ARGS="-Xmx2g"
	sfdx scanner:run:dfa <rest of your parameters>
	```

	There's no single magic number that works for every project since the value depends on the complexity of the target codebase. We recommend increasing heap space allocation in increments of 1g. Also, note that a very large heap space could slow down the process further and degrade the performance. You may need a couple of tries to identify what works in your case.

2. Target a smaller set of files for analysis. You can do this by providing a subset of apex files as `--target` to `scanner:run:dfa` command while keeping the same `--projectdir` value. This helps keep the number of paths down, which reduces the likelihood of OutOfMemory errors.

3. Consider simplifying your source code to avoid large IF/ELSE-IF/ELSE conditional trees. This would help bringing down the number of paths created.

## Limitations of Salesforce Graph Engine

Since the engine is actively under development, there are many features and bugs that are still work in progress.

1. Violations thrown as, `Internal error. Work in progress. Please ignore`, indicate that the entry point’s analysis did not complete successfully. We are working on fixing this issue. In the meantime, please verify its correctness manually.
2. SFGE cannot handle duplicate class names. If the source code has two distinctly different files that have classes with the same names, the engine fails with an error message, `<example_class> is defined in multiple files`. In cases like these, please provide `--projectdir` a subpath to the source directory that has only one of the file names, and separately rerun with the subpath to the second duplicate.
3. SFGE cannot handle anonymous apex script. Please provide the classes directory path as the `--projectdir` that does not include any anonymous apex script.
4. SFGE cannot handle namespace placeholders. Please replace the namespace placeholder with a blank.
5. SFGE does not understand multiple static blocks in code.

### Reporting Errors

If you notice an issue beyond these limitations, please create a new issue. We will provide a issue format soon to make this process easier.

Since SFGE builds paths, we may need to see code invoked from the current class. However, we understand that not all code is shareable to public depending on what you are working on. Please create alternative code without actual variable names that still mimics the original, failing issue as closely as possible. Also, ensure that your sample code runs into the same error as your original code. We appreciate your help in identifying and fixing issues.

We welcome your feedback on usability or other features. Create general issues for these and let us know your thoughts.

Commit message:

DOC CHANGE: @W-11651888@ Adding more information about OutOfMemory errors

docs/_articles/en/v3.x/salesforce-graph-engine/working-with-sfge.md, after:

---
title: 'Working with SFGE'
lang: en
---


## Background

Any data-flow-based rule contains three parts.

*Source*. an entry point for external interaction

*Sink*. code that modifies data

*Sanitizer*. the check that happens between Source and Sink to ensure that the user who is performing this action on data has the necessary access to the object/fields.

A code path must have a sanitizer in between the source and the sink. When the sanitizer is missing, you see a violation. To avoid this, you want to ensure that each path created from any source to sink is sanitized.

A source could lead to multiple sinks. Also, a sink can be reached through multiple sources. In fact, we could have multiple paths between the same source and sink. We want to ensure that each path created from any source to any sink is sanitized.

## Invoke SFGE through Code Analyzer
You can invoke data-flow-based rules through Code Analyzer using the newly added `scanner:run:dfa` [command](./en/v3.x/scanner-commands/dfa/).

## Interpret Your Results

The individual rows in the results represents violations. Each violation contains Sink information, Source information, and the actual violation message. Here’s the breakdown by column name to explain the data it represents:

1. Severity. The severity of the violation. By default, all security violations are marked as severity 1.
2. Sink File, Sink Line, Sink Column. The location where in your source code that the data interaction happens
3. Source File,Source Line, Source Column. The location where the path begins
4. SourceType, SourceMethod. Additional information to help identify the path entry
5. Rule. The rule that was run which led to the violation.
6. Description. The violation message. For more info on SFGE violation messages, read our [FAQ](./en/v3.x/faq/#questions-about-interpreting-apexflsviolationrule-results).

## Add Engine Directives

Like all Security tools, SFGE could create both false negatives or false positives. 

For example, the engine could fail to create a violation where the code is insecure, a false negative. Or create a violation even though the code is secure, a false positive. 

If you determine that SFGE has created a false positive, add engine directives to your code so that SFGE doesn’t throw that violation anymore.

Salesforce Graph Engine understands three levels of engine directives:

### Disable next line

`/* sfge-disable-next-line <rule_name> */`

Use this when you want to disable just the sink from Salesforce Graph Engine’s analysis.
Example usage:

```
/* sfge-disable-next-line ApexFlsViolationRule */
insert a;
```

### Disable method

`/* sfge-disable-stack <rule_name> */`

Use this when you want to disable all the sink operations in paths passing through this method.
As with the other engine directives, make sure you add it in the line immediately before the method declaration.
Example usage:

```
@AuraEnabled
/* sfge-disable-stack ApexFlsViolationRule */
public static boolean someMethodName() {
```

### Disable class

`/* sfge-disable <rule_name> */`

Use this when you want to disable all the sink operations that occur in the class. As with the other two engine directives, make sure you add it in the line immediately before class declaration.
Example usage:

```
/* sfge-disable ApexFlsViolationRule */
public class MyClass {
```

## "OutOfMemory: Java heap space" Error

The number of paths SFGE needs to create increases exponentially with every conditional or method invocation in your code. As the number of paths explode, SFGE's probability of encountering an OutOfMemory error increases. In addition, a variety of factors such as your OS type, java setup, and other processes running in your machine can influence the heap space assigned by JVM, which then impacts SFGE's execution.

Even if SFGE's execution was interrupted, it returns results from the portion of source code it has analyzed so far.

While we are working on optimizing SFGE's heap consumption, here are some tips to avoid an OutOfMemory error:
1. Increase max heap size assigned to SFGE's execution. You can do this by providing an updated `-Xmx` value to either the `sfgejvmargs` parameter with `scanner:run:dfa` command, or to the environment variable, `SFGE_JVM_ARGS`.

	Before you do this, make note of your JVM's default Max Heap size, that is, the `-Xmx` value.

	Execute SFGE with a larger heap space than the default settings. For example, to allocate 2g heap space, you can execute:
	```bash
	sfdx scanner:run:dfa --sfgejvmargs "-Xmx2g" <rest of your parameters>
	```
	or
	```bash
	export SFGE_JVM_ARGS="-Xmx2g"
	sfdx scanner:run:dfa <rest of your parameters>
	```

	Since the value depends on the project code's complexity, there's no single magic number. We recommend that you increment heap space allocation by at least 1 G. A very large heap space could slowdown the process and degrade performance. To identify what works for your project, you may need to experiment.

2. Target a smaller set of files for analysis. To target a smaller set of files for analysis, provide a subset of apex files as `--target` to `scanner:run:dfa` command while keeping the same `--projectdir` value. This creates a smaller number of paths and reduces the likelihood of  OutOfMemory errors.

3. Consider simplifying your source code to avoid large IF/ELSE-IF/ELSE conditional trees. This would help bringing down the number of paths created.

## Limitations of Salesforce Graph Engine

Since the engine is actively under development, there are many features and bugs that are still work in progress.

1. Violations thrown as, `Internal error. Work in progress. Please ignore`, indicate that the entry point’s analysis did not complete successfully. We are working on fixing this issue. In the meantime, please verify its correctness manually.
2. SFGE cannot handle duplicate class names. If the source code has two distinctly different files that have classes with the same names, the engine fails with an error message, `<example_class> is defined in multiple files`. In cases like these, please provide `--projectdir` a subpath to the source directory that has only one of the file names, and separately rerun with the subpath to the second duplicate.
3. SFGE cannot handle anonymous apex script. Please provide the classes directory path as the `--projectdir` that does not include any anonymous apex script.
4. SFGE cannot handle namespace placeholders. Please replace the namespace placeholder with a blank.
5. SFGE does not understand multiple static blocks in code.
6. Complex codebases may require increased Java heap space to avoid Out of Memory Errors. For more information, read ["OutOfMemory: Java heap space" Error](./en/v3.x/salesforce-graph-engine/working-with-sfge/#outofmemory-java-heap-space-error).

### Reporting Errors

If you notice an issue beyond these limitations, please create a new issue. We will provide a issue format soon to make this process easier.

Since SFGE builds paths, we may need to see code invoked from the current class. However, we understand that not all code is shareable to public depending on what you are working on. Please create alternative code without actual variable names that still mimics the original, failing issue as closely as possible. Also, ensure that your sample code runs into the same error as your original code. We appreciate your help in identifying and fixing issues.

We welcome your feedback on usability or other features. Create general issues for these and let us know your thoughts.
