docs/_articles/en/v3.x/architecture/architecture.md, before:

---
title: Design
lang: en
redirect_from: /en/architecture/architecture
---

## Salesforce Code Analyzer Architecture

Salesforce Code Analyzer (Code Analyzer) is an open-source Salesforce CLI plug-in. Most of the code is written in TypeScript in the Node.js framework. Some of the code is written in Java.

## Salesforce Code Analyzer Internals

Code Analyzer is powered by multiple static analyzers, also known as rule engines, and by Salesforce Graph Engine, which provides data flow analysis. These rule engines specialize in different aspects of static analysis and support multiple languages. Each rule engine has its own unique set of rules, input parameters, and formats for reporting the results. Code Analyzer unifies these rules engines as a single static analyzer and provides a common user experience to benefit.

Version {{ site.data.versions-v3.scanner }} of the Code Analyzer uses PMD v{{ site.data.versions-v3.pmd }}, ESLint v{{ site.data.versions-v3.eslint }}, RetireJS v{{ site.data.versions-v3.retirejs }}, and Salesforce Graph Engine.

-------

![Plugin Design](./assets/images/ScannerPlugin.jpeg)

-------

## Rule Engine Unification

To provide a uniform experience while using multiple rule engines, Code Analyzer has two bridging blocks: a rule catalog and a rule engine bridge. 

### Rule Catalog

Each rule engine has a different set of rules and different formats for representing them. Code Analyzer communicates with each rule engine separately to pull the default rules that they offer and to populate them together into a rule catalog. This catalog contains the name of a rule, a short description, its classification category, and the code source language that the rule can analyze.

Run the ```scanner:rule:list``` command to view the rule catalog. The command’s output includes the rule engine name that a particular rule belongs to.

Example:

```
Name			Languages		Categories		Rulesets [Dep]		Engine
MyRule1			visualforce		Security		Basic VF			pmd
MyRule2			apex			design			Complexity,Default ruleset...,quickstart	pmd
MyRule3			Javascript		insecure 	dependencies 		retire-js-sfge
FormalParameterNamingConventions		apex		Code Style		quickstart		pmd
constructor-super javascript	problem		problem		eslint
insecure-bundled-dependencies		javascript		Insecure Dependencies		retire-js
ApexFlsViolationRule		apex		Security		sfge
```

### Rule Engine Bridge

By unifying the representation of the rules into a rule catalog, Code Analyzer accepts a uniform set of input parameters. Here’s how it works.

1. Using rules that you select, the bridge detects the related engine and determines the target files based on the file types defined in `~/.sfdx-scanner/{{ site.data.versions-v3.configfile }}`. 
2. Next, the bridge tailors the input for each relevant rule engine and hands the input to the rule engine for the actual scan.
3. After the scan completes and the rule engine provides the results, the bridge surfaces the rule violation results in a normalized output format.


## Source Code and Contribution

The code for Code Analyzer is in [this GitHub repo](https://github.com/forcedotcom/sfdx-scanner). Salesforce is working on expanding and improving the tool.

## See Also
- [Salesforce CLI Plug-In Developer Guide: Salesforce CLI Architecture](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_cli_plugins.meta/sfdx_cli_plugins/cli_plugins_architecture.htm)

Commit message:

Add Available Engines table
and new image

docs/_articles/en/v3.x/architecture/architecture.md, after:

---
title: Design
lang: en
redirect_from: /en/architecture/architecture
---

## Salesforce Code Analyzer Architecture

Salesforce Code Analyzer (Code Analyzer) is an open-source Salesforce CLI plug-in. Most of the code is written in TypeScript in the Node.js framework. Some of the code is written in Java.

## Salesforce Code Analyzer Internals

Code Analyzer is powered by multiple static analyzers, also known as rule engines, and by Salesforce Graph Engine, which provides path-based and data-flow analysis. These rule engines specialize in different aspects of static analysis and support multiple languages. Each rule engine has its own unique set of rules, input parameters, and formats for reporting the results. Code Analyzer unifies these rules engines as a single static analyzer and provides a common user experience to benefit.

### Available Engines

| Rule Engine    | Description | Version |
| -------- | ------- | ------- |
| [Salesforce Graph Engine](https://forcedotcom.github.io/sfdx-scanner/en/v3.x/salesforce-graph-engine/introduction/)  | Detects security and quality issues in code, as an open-source Salesforce tool | {{ site.data.versions-v3.scanner} |
| [PMD](https://forcedotcom.github.io/sfdx-scanner/en/v3.x/architecture/pmd-engine/) | Allows for static analysis of code written in a number of supported languages, including Java, Apex, and Visualforce    | {{ site.data.versions-v3.pmd}	|
| [CPD](https://forcedotcom.github.io/sfdx-scanner/en/v3.x/architecture/cpd-engine/)    | Identifies blocks of duplication across files   | {{ site.data.versions-v3.cpd}	|
| [ESLint](https://forcedotcom.github.io/sfdx-scanner/en/v3.x/architecture/eslint-engine/) Lightning Web Component (LWC) Plug-In)| Evaluates Salesforce Lightning Web Components | {{ site.data.versions-v3.eslint}		|
| [ESLint](https://forcedotcom.github.io/sfdx-scanner/en/v3.x/architecture/eslint-engine/) Typescript plug-in | Evaluates any targeted TypeScript (.ts) files	| {{ site.data.versions-v3.eslint}	|
| [RetireJS](https://forcedotcom.github.io/sfdx-scanner/en/v3.x/architecture/retire-js-engine/) | Analyzes a project’s third-party JavaScript dependencies and identifies security vulnerabilities |	3.x {{ site.data.versions-v3.retirejs}	|

-------

![Plugin Design](./assets/images/architecture-042023.png)

-------

## Rule Engine Unification

To provide a uniform experience while using multiple rule engines, Code Analyzer has two bridging blocks: a rule catalog and a rule engine bridge. 

### Rule Catalog

Each rule engine has a different set of rules and different formats for representing them. Code Analyzer communicates with each rule engine separately to pull the default rules that they offer and to populate them together into a rule catalog. This catalog contains the name of a rule, a short description, its classification category, and the code source language that the rule can analyze.

Run the ```scanner:rule:list``` command to view the rule catalog. The command’s output includes the rule engine name that a particular rule belongs to.

Example:

```
Name			Languages		Categories		Rulesets [Dep]		Engine
MyRule1			visualforce		Security		Basic VF			pmd
MyRule2			apex			design			Complexity,Default ruleset...,quickstart	pmd
MyRule3			Javascript		insecure 	dependencies 		retire-js-sfge
FormalParameterNamingConventions		apex		Code Style		quickstart		pmd
constructor-super javascript	problem		problem		eslint
insecure-bundled-dependencies		javascript		Insecure Dependencies		retire-js
ApexFlsViolationRule		apex		Security		sfge
```

### Rule Engine Bridge

By unifying the representation of the rules into a rule catalog, Code Analyzer accepts a uniform set of input parameters. Here’s how it works.

1. Using rules that you select, the bridge detects the related engine and determines the target files based on the file types defined in `~/.sfdx-scanner/{{ site.data.versions-v3.configfile }}`. 
2. Next, the bridge tailors the input for each relevant rule engine and hands the input to the rule engine for the actual scan.
3. After the scan completes and the rule engine provides the results, the bridge surfaces the rule violation results in a normalized output format.


## Source Code and Contribution

The code for Code Analyzer is in [this GitHub repo](https://github.com/forcedotcom/sfdx-scanner). Salesforce is working on expanding and improving the tool.

## See Also
- [Salesforce CLI Plug-In Developer Guide: Salesforce CLI Architecture](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_cli_plugins.meta/sfdx_cli_plugins/cli_plugins_architecture.htm)
