messages/rules-command.md, before:

# command.summary

List the rules that are available to analyze your code.

# command.description

You can also view details about the rules, such as the engine it's associated with, tags, and description.

Use this command to determine the exact set of rules to analyze your code. The `code-analyzer run` command has similar flags as this command, so once you've determined the flag values for this command that list the rules you want to run, you specify the same values to the `code-analyzer run` command.

We're continually improving Salesforce Code Analyzer. Tell us what you think! Give feedback at http://sfdc.co/CodeAnalyzerFeedback.

# command.examples

- List rules using the default behavior: include rules from all engines that have a "Recommended" tag; display the rules using concise table format; and automatically apply rule or engine overrides if a "code-analyzer.yml" or "code-analyzer.yaml" file exists in the current folder:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> 

- The previous example is equivalent to this example:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --rule-selector Recommended --view table --config-file ./code-analyzer.yml

- List the recommended rules for the "eslint" engine:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector eslint:Recommended

- List all the rules for the "eslint" engine:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector eslint

- The previous example is equivalent to this example:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector eslint:all

- List all rules for all engines:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector all

- Get a more accurate list of the rules that apply specifically to your workspace (all the files in the current folder): 

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector all --workspace .

- List the recommended rules associated with a workspace that includes all the files in the folder "./other-source" and only the Apex class files (extension .cls) under the folder "./force-app": 

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector Recommended --workspace ./other-source --workspace ./force-app/**/*.cls

- List all the "eslint" engine rules that have a moderate severity (3) and the recommended "retire-js" engine rules with any severity:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --rule-selector eslint:3 --rule-selector retire-js:Recommended

- Similar to the previous example, but apply the rule overrides and engine settings from the configuration file called "code-analyzer2.yml" in the current folder. If, for example, you changed the severity of an "eslint" rule from moderate (3) to high (2) in the configuration file, then that rule won't be listed:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --rule-selector eslint:3 --rule-selector retire-js:Recommended --config-file ./code-analyzer2.yml

- List the details of the "getter-return" rule of the "eslint" engine and the rules named "no-inner-declarations" in any engine:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --rule-selector eslint:getter-return --rule-selector no-inner-declarations --view detail

- List the details of the recommended "eslint" engine rules that have the tag "problem" and high severity level (2) that apply to your workspace folder "./force-app":

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --rule-selector eslint:Recommended:problem:2 --view detail --workspace ./force-app

# flags.workspace.summary

Set of files you want to include in the code analysis.

# flags.workspace.description

If you specify this flag, the command returns a more accurate list of the rules that apply to the files that make up your workspace. Typically, a workspace is a single project folder that contains all your files. But it can also consist of one or more folders, one or more files, and use glob patterns (wildcards). If you specify this flag multiple times, then your workspace is the sum of the files and folders. 

This command uses the type of file in the workspace, such as JavaScript or Typescript, to determine the rules to list. For example, if your workspace contains only JavaScript files, the command doesn't list TypeScript rules. The command uses a file's extension to determine what kind of file it is, such as ".ts" for TypeScript.

Some engines may be configured to add additional rules based on what it finds in your workspace.  For example, if you set the engines.eslint.auto_discover_eslint_config value of your code-analyzer.yml file to true, then supplying your workspace allows the "eslint" engine to examine your files in order to find ESLint configuration files that could potentially add in additional rules.

# flags.rule-selector.summary

Selection of rules, based on engine name, severity level, rule name, tag, or a combination of criteria separated by colons. 

# flags.rule-selector.description

Use the --rule-selector flag to select the list of rules based on specific criteria.  For example, you can select by engine, such as the rules associated with the "retire-js" or "eslint" engine. Or select by the severity of the rules, such as high or moderate. You can also select rules using tag values or rule names. Every rule has a name, which is unique within the scope of an engine. Most rules have tags, although it's not required. An example of a tag is "Recommended". 

You can combine different criteria using colons to further filter the list; the colon works as an intersection.  For example, "--rule-selector eslint:Security" lists rules associated only with the "eslint" engine that have the Security tag.  The flag "--rule-selector eslint:Security:3" flag lists the "eslint" rules that have the Security tag and moderate severity (3). To add multiple rule selectors together (a union), specify the --rule-selector flag multiple times, such as "--rule-selector eslint:Recommended --rule-selector retire-js:3".

Run `<%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector all` to list see the possible values for engine name, rule name, tags, and severity levels that you can use with this flag.

# flags.config-file.summary

Path to the configuration file used to customize the engines and rules. 

# flags.config-file.description

Code Analyzer has an internal default configuration for its rule and engine properties. If you want to override these defaults, you can create a Code Analyzer configuration file.

We recommend that you name your Code Analyzer configuration file "code-analyzer.yml" or "code-analyzer.yaml" and put it at the root of your workspace. You then don't need to use this flag when you run the `<%= command.id %>` command from the root of your workspace, because it automatically looks for either file in the current folder, and if found, applies its rule overrides and engine settings. If you want to name the file something else, or put it in an alternative folder, then you must specify this flag.

To help you get started, use the `code-analyzer config` command to create your first Code Analyzer configuration file. With it, you can change the severity of an existing rule, change a rule's tags, and so on. Then use this flag to specify the file so that the command takes your customizations into account.

# flags.view.summary

Format to display the rules in the terminal. 

# flags.view.description

The format `table` is concise and shows minimal output, the format `detail` shows all available information.

Commit message:

NEW: @W-17916450@ update v5 CLI to allow rules to be saved to JSON (Part 1)

messages/rules-command.md, after:

# command.summary

List the rules that are available to analyze your code.

# command.description

You can also view details about the rules, such as the engine it's associated with, tags, and description.

Use this command to determine the exact set of rules to analyze your code. The `code-analyzer run` command has similar flags as this command, so once you've determined the flag values for this command that list the rules you want to run, you specify the same values to the `code-analyzer run` command.

We're continually improving Salesforce Code Analyzer. Tell us what you think! Give feedback at http://sfdc.co/CodeAnalyzerFeedback.

# command.examples

- List rules using the default behavior: include rules from all engines that have a "Recommended" tag; display the rules using concise table format; and automatically apply rule or engine overrides if a "code-analyzer.yml" or "code-analyzer.yaml" file exists in the current folder:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> 

- The previous example is equivalent to this example:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --rule-selector Recommended --view table --config-file ./code-analyzer.yml

- List the recommended rules for the "eslint" engine:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector eslint:Recommended

- List all the rules for the "eslint" engine:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector eslint

- The previous example is equivalent to this example:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector eslint:all

- List all rules for all engines:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector all

- Get a more accurate list of the rules that apply specifically to your workspace (all the files in the current folder): 

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector all --workspace .

- List the recommended rules associated with a workspace that includes all the files in the folder "./other-source" and only the Apex class files (extension .cls) under the folder "./force-app": 

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector Recommended --workspace ./other-source --workspace ./force-app/**/*.cls

- List all the "eslint" engine rules that have a moderate severity (3) and the recommended "retire-js" engine rules with any severity:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --rule-selector eslint:3 --rule-selector retire-js:Recommended

- Similar to the previous example, but apply the rule overrides and engine settings from the configuration file called "code-analyzer2.yml" in the current folder. If, for example, you changed the severity of an "eslint" rule from moderate (3) to high (2) in the configuration file, then that rule won't be listed:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --rule-selector eslint:3 --rule-selector retire-js:Recommended --config-file ./code-analyzer2.yml

- List the details of the "getter-return" rule of the "eslint" engine and the rules named "no-inner-declarations" in any engine:

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --rule-selector eslint:getter-return --rule-selector no-inner-declarations --view detail

- List the details of the recommended "eslint" engine rules that have the tag "problem" and high severity level (2) that apply to your workspace folder "./force-app":

    <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --rule-selector eslint:Recommended:problem:2 --view detail --workspace ./force-app

# flags.workspace.summary

Set of files you want to include in the code analysis.

# flags.workspace.description

If you specify this flag, the command returns a more accurate list of the rules that apply to the files that make up your workspace. Typically, a workspace is a single project folder that contains all your files. But it can also consist of one or more folders, one or more files, and use glob patterns (wildcards). If you specify this flag multiple times, then your workspace is the sum of the files and folders. 

This command uses the type of file in the workspace, such as JavaScript or Typescript, to determine the rules to list. For example, if your workspace contains only JavaScript files, the command doesn't list TypeScript rules. The command uses a file's extension to determine what kind of file it is, such as ".ts" for TypeScript.

Some engines may be configured to add additional rules based on what it finds in your workspace.  For example, if you set the engines.eslint.auto_discover_eslint_config value of your code-analyzer.yml file to true, then supplying your workspace allows the "eslint" engine to examine your files in order to find ESLint configuration files that could potentially add in additional rules.

# flags.rule-selector.summary

Selection of rules, based on engine name, severity level, rule name, tag, or a combination of criteria separated by colons. 

# flags.rule-selector.description

Use the --rule-selector flag to select the list of rules based on specific criteria.  For example, you can select by engine, such as the rules associated with the "retire-js" or "eslint" engine. Or select by the severity of the rules, such as high or moderate. You can also select rules using tag values or rule names. Every rule has a name, which is unique within the scope of an engine. Most rules have tags, although it's not required. An example of a tag is "Recommended". 

You can combine different criteria using colons to further filter the list; the colon works as an intersection.  For example, "--rule-selector eslint:Security" lists rules associated only with the "eslint" engine that have the Security tag.  The flag "--rule-selector eslint:Security:3" flag lists the "eslint" rules that have the Security tag and moderate severity (3). To add multiple rule selectors together (a union), specify the --rule-selector flag multiple times, such as "--rule-selector eslint:Recommended --rule-selector retire-js:3".

Run `<%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %>  --rule-selector all` to list see the possible values for engine name, rule name, tags, and severity levels that you can use with this flag.

# flags.config-file.summary

Path to the configuration file used to customize the engines and rules. 

# flags.config-file.description

Code Analyzer has an internal default configuration for its rule and engine properties. If you want to override these defaults, you can create a Code Analyzer configuration file.

We recommend that you name your Code Analyzer configuration file "code-analyzer.yml" or "code-analyzer.yaml" and put it at the root of your workspace. You then don't need to use this flag when you run the `<%= command.id %>` command from the root of your workspace, because it automatically looks for either file in the current folder, and if found, applies its rule overrides and engine settings. If you want to name the file something else, or put it in an alternative folder, then you must specify this flag.

To help you get started, use the `code-analyzer config` command to create your first Code Analyzer configuration file. With it, you can change the severity of an existing rule, change a rule's tags, and so on. Then use this flag to specify the file so that the command takes your customizations into account.

# flags.view.summary

Format to display the rules in the terminal. 

# flags.view.description

The format `table` is concise and shows minimal output, the format `detail` shows all available information. If you specify neither --view nor --output-file, then the default table view is shown. If you specify --output-file but not --view, only summary information is shown.

# flags.output-file.summary

Output file location to write the selected rules. The file is written in JSON format.

# flags.output-file.description

Use this flag to write the selected rules to a JSON file. For example: "--output-file ./out/rules.json” creates a JSON results file in the "./out" folder. If the file exists already, it will be overwritten.

If you don't specify this flag, the command outputs the rules in the terminal. The view flag can be used in combination with this flag to save the file and output the results.
